Hello, everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
For today...
All of a sudden..
I wanted to dance...
So I'll dance!
Why do I suddenly feel like dancing?
Well, there's no reason in particular!
I just simply felt like it, just a feeling!~
Good, in this case
The song that I will dance today...
I'll let the Random Word Generator decide!
Well, let's start right away!
*Jaka, jaka, jaka-aa, JAN!*
Hare Hare Yukai..?
(Sunny, Sunny Happiness)
Ehh?
It's too late...
So then..
In this occasion..
It has been decided...
That I'll dance..
The nostalgic song of Hare Hare Yukai!
*Take 1*
♪ If we can map out all of Earth's mysteries.. ♪
♪ Ooo-ooh..ooh-ooh ♪
♪ With a warp, this looping feeling .. ♪
♪ On a particular sunny day.. ♪
*offbeat* ♪ ..A happiness greater.. than magic.. ♪
*offbeat* ♪ ..Let's collect all.. the happiness.. ♪
♪ It's easy, there's nothing to it.. ♪
♪ You love big dreams, right? ♪
So I intended to dance, but..
Since I was not able to dance..
I will do intensive training and practice..
Starting now!
*Many hours later*
I've been practicing a lot..
And I'd like to demonstrate the fruits of my labor!
Will you watch me?
Watch my new Hare Hare Yukai, now after practicing!
♪ If we can map out all of Earth's mysteries ♪
(nazonazo mitai ni chikyuugi wo tokiakashitara)
♪ We will be able to go to any place we want ♪
(minna de doko made mo ikeru ne)
♪ Until the end of time, Boooon! ♪
(jikan no hate made Boooon)
♪ With a warp, this looping feeling, ♪
(waapu de ruupu na kono omoi wa)
♪ Swirls everything together and plays around with them! ♪
(nani mo kamo wo makikonda souzou de asobou)
♪ On a particular sunny day, ♪
(aru hareta hi no koto)
♪ A happiness greater than magic ♪
(mahou ijou no yukai ga)
♪ will pour down endlessly. It's not impossible! ♪
(kagirinaku furisosogu fukanou janai wa)
♪ When we meet again tomorrow, we'll laugh and hum a tune! ♪
(ashita mata au toki warainagara hamingu)
♪ Let's collect all the happiness ♪
(ureshisa wo atsumeyou)
♪ It's easy, there's nothing to it! ♪
(kantan nanda yo konna no)
♪ Chase after them and try to catch them ♪
(oikakete ne tsukamaete mite)
♪ You love big dreams, right? ♪
(ooki na yume yume suki deshou)
There's more at the end!
Translated by Azaka Guri and Vortex
If there is a millionaire in here..
Someone of royalty..
A president..
Or Justin Bieber..
Come here with me!